Application
中文版
Required Documents for Degree Students
Admission Brochure for International Students 2026
International Students-Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Costs and Scholarships
Admission Results
Application
Admission Guideline
Important Dates for Application to Entry
Fall 2026
Event
Date
Application Open
Feb 1, 2026 (GMT+8)
Deadline for online application and document upload
May 6, 2026, 5 pm (GMT+8)
CLOSED
Notification for admission
*
Admission Letter will be sent via email and in hard copy.
June 12, 2026
Deadline to Submit the Statement of Registration Intention
June 26, 2026 (GMT+8)
How to Apply
1. Before applying
(1)
Make sure you are eligible to apply as an international student. Applicants must qualify for legal student status in compliance with Article Two of the Ministry of Education's "
Regulations Regarding International Students Undertaking Studies in Taiwan
"
(2)
Violation of these regulations will result in the immediate cancellation of the applicant's admission, the deprivation of the applicant's recognized status as a TTU registered student or the revocation of the applicant's TTU diploma. In addition, no academic certificate will be conferred
.
2.  Apply online and submit the required documents
(1)First, please read the
Admission Brochure for International Students Application(Fall 2026)
and pr
epare the
required documents
for the application process
.
(2)Second, complete online application forms and submit
required documents
online before the deadline of the application submission period.
(3)
Click
HERE
for Online Application Guidelines.
NOTE:
(1)
Please note that apart from publicity and promotion, as well as assisting students in completing the necessary procedures for coming to Taiwan, TTU does not outsource any procedures related to the admission of international students. If applicants have any questions or need further assistance, please feel free to contact TTU's International and Cross-Strait Affairs Office directly.
。
(2)
Application documents sent by email or hard copy will not be accepted. The application process should be completed through the online application system.
(3)
Incomplete submission is not acceptable and will result in the cancellation of one’s application.
(4)
This application system is only for International Degree Students. For Overseas Chinese Students, please consult the University Entrance Committee for Overseas Chinese Students:
https://cmn-hant.overseas.ncnu.edu.tw/
Tatung University
No.40, Sec. 3, Zhongshan N. Rd., Taipei City 104, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
Tel:
+886-2-21822928