Before Arrival
中文版
Before Arrival
Before Arrival
VISA
All admitted students should apply for a Resident or Visitor Visa from the Taiwanese Embassy or Mission in their residence country after receiving the Letter of Acceptance issued by TTU.
Please look up the Taiwan Diplomatic Mission in your country of residence by visiting the Ministry of Foreign Affairs website >
Embassies & Missions
.
Visitor Visa
-
If staying in Taiwan for
less than 180 days
and a semester exchange program.
Must apply for a visa extension at the National Immigration Agency in Taipei within 15 days before the expiration date.
Resident Visa
-
If staying in Taiwan
for 180 days or greater
and studying for an academic year.
Must apply for an Alien Resident Certificate (ARC) at the National Immigration Agency in Taipei within 15 days
after arrival
.
The International and Overseas Students Advising Division will provide instructions to students regarding the Alien Resident Certificate (ARC) application upon their arrival
Notices：
(1)
For visa application requirements, please refer to the website of the Bureau of Consular Affairs, Ministry of Foreign Affairs>
VISA
(2) Students are advised not to proceed with any travel arrangements before receiving
the Letter of Acceptance issued by TTU.
HEALTH EXAMINATION
Following the Ministry of Education regulations, all foreign students must take a health exam by a qualified doctor and complete each examination listed on the Medical Examination Form for Short-Term Students/Health Certificate for Residence Application Form before traveling to Taiwan.
Please complete the items on the examination forms including the doctor’s signature and a stamp from the hospital and clinic (for certification).
Under 180 days:
Medical examination form for short-term students
Over 180 days:
Health Certificate for Residence Application
The list of authorized hospitals overseas:
https://www.cdc.gov.tw/En/Category/ListContent/C4w0xUaCBCKzdd6BxDGWcA?uaid=hyLQahxQbQVM1NEt-Bbe1Q
*The certification should be provided before your arrival to Taiwan (Valid for 3 months only).
Notices:
(1)You should bring the certificates with you after arrival.
(2)You may be requested to do a Medical Examination again in Taiwan if we do not receive your certificates (the Medical Examination includes chest X-ray for tuberculosis and antibody-positive test reports or vaccination certificates for measles, German measles (rubella)).
INSURANCE
Students are required to obtain insurance in their home country which includes medical and accident coverage for the entire duration of their exchange period.
Please provide proof of insurance in
Chinese
or
English
valid for your entire exchange period.
Students who are unable to provide proof of health insurance must purchase health insurance in Taiwan.
Insurance Provider in Taiwan: Cathay Life Insurance Group Foreign Student health insurance
Premium: NT$3,400 per semester
National Health Insurance(NHI) in Taiwan
(For students staying for 180 days or greater and studying for an academic year)
Under the provisions of the National Health Insurance Act, Students who hold an Alien Resident Certificate (ARC) and have met the six-month minimum residency requirement,
are obligated to join the National Health Insurance (NHI) system.
**NHI is an enforced society insurance program. Students who refuse to join the program, according to Article 88 of National Health Law, will receive a fine of between NT3,000 to NT15,000 accordingly and unless the fine has been paid, all expenses in medical bills within the said period will not be covered by the NHI program.
Tatung University
No.40, Sec. 3, Zhongshan N. Rd., Taipei City 104, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
Tel:
+886-2-21822928